docs: document the need to set display CSS class (#1558)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/ds-resources/foundation/utility-classes.asciidoc

=== Flexbox & Grid
Classes for flexbox and grid layouts.

.Remember to set `display`
[NOTE,role=small]

> The following classes require setting appropriate <<#display,`Display`>> CSS class on the element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following classes require setting either the `flex` or `grid` CSS class on the element in order to work. See <<#display,Display classes>>.
```
Maybe we should explicitly mention `flex` and `grid` instead
